from Bradley romanette and you just go
go bravely Malphite explosion radio
versus the logic / starter cameos who to
families with a break ill but if I
starter Jimmy else we doing the battle
doesn't the better laughs sister round
one come on right girl lets your Jimmy
would ease when how much in trouble is
gonna be so can we look at an instant
replay thanks that was epic that was an
epic round one I can explain to how that
happened the RSI can deliver a blow so
can do this then after the point of
impact with these skills it's like it's
a bad miss the ball or can you speak out
for those around to come on make you do
it again yeah what regul strong the
score is now 20 so let's start round
three if you'll if we saw strong
radio to be legoland full score now
we're gonna do five rounds by the way
hello start round forward I 20 give Jim
Nielsen taste of what happens when you
mess with the stripper unicorn and the
high seas come on you yeah the scores
out 40 no can we just do ball them
around we're gonna do the hormones yeah
and that's what happens if you launch it
on top of the beyblade that's kidding
about doing nothing right I'll just not
sure what can happen if you want to help
babe like just go climbing but we all
know one thing Ragle is amazing so
narrow our final opponent for the next
video is going to be the earth
equivalent I show you like this video
right there favorite and share it where
subscribe thanks for watching
you